docs: add submodule advice (#105)
OpenBioML/chemnlp: README.md

### Adding a new dataset (to the model training pipline)

We specify datasets by creating a new function [here](src/chemnlp/data/hf_datasets.py) which is named per the dataset on Hugging Face. At present the function must accept a tokenizer and return back the tokenized train and validation datasets.

### Installing submodules

In order to ensure you also clone and install the required submodules (i.e. gpt-neox) you will have to do one of the following;

- Recursively clone the submodule from GitHub

  ```

>   git clone --recurse-submodules --remote-submodules <path-to-repo>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # using ssh (if you have your ssh key on GitHub)
  git clone --recurse-submodules --remote-submodules git@github.com:OpenBioML/chemnlp.git 
   
   # using https (if you use personal access token)
  git clone --recurse-submodules --remote-submodules [git@github.com:OpenBioML/chemnlp.git ](https://github.com/OpenBioML/chemnlp.git)
```
